\documentclass[acmsmall,screen,review]{acmart}

\usepackage{amsmath}
\usepackage{amstext}
\usepackage{fp-frame}
\usepackage[latin1]{inputenc}
\usepackage{mathpartir}
\usepackage{fancyvrb}
\usepackage{moreverb}
\usepackage{stmaryrd}
\usepackage{enumerate}
\usepackage{thmtools,thm-restate}
\usepackage{comment}
\usepackage{booktabs,array}

\input{macros}

\begin{document}

\title{Automating Verification of MPC Security: $\metaprot$ to $\minifed$}

\author{Author names withheld for double-blind reviewing}

\begin{abstract}
Secure Multi-Party Computation (MPC) protocols support data privacy in
important modern distributed applications. Security for MPC protocols
is superficially similar to probabilistic noninterference, but differs
in a subtle but fundamental way, and approaches for verifying
noninterference cannot naturally extend to MPC security.  Currently,
proof methods for MPC protocols are well-studied but manual and thus
tedious and error-prone, and are also non-standardized and unfamiliar
to most PL theorists.  Our goal is to leverage connections between the
security model of MPC and trace-based hyperproperties to obtain
automated proof methods for MPC protocol development.  We develop a
language model with a tightly coupled notion of probabilistic program
distributions, as a foundation for fully and partially automated
verification of passive MPC security in protocols including
arbitrarily large YGC and GMW circuits.
\end{abstract}

%%
%% The code below is generated by the tool at http://dl.acm.org/ccs.cfm.
%% Please copy and paste the code instead of the example below.
%%
\begin{CCSXML}
<ccs2012>
   <concept>
       <concept_id>10002978.10002986.10002990</concept_id>
       <concept_desc>Security and privacy~Logic and verification</concept_desc>
       <concept_significance>500</concept_significance>
       </concept>
   <concept>
       <concept_id>10003752.10003753.10003757</concept_id>
       <concept_desc>Theory of computation~Probabilistic computation</concept_desc>
       <concept_significance>300</concept_significance>
       </concept>
   <concept>
       <concept_id>10003752.10003790.10003806</concept_id>
       <concept_desc>Theory of computation~Programming logic</concept_desc>
       <concept_significance>500</concept_significance>
       </concept>
 </ccs2012>
\end{CCSXML}

\ccsdesc[500]{Security and privacy~Logic and verification}
\ccsdesc[500]{Theory of computation~Probabilistic computation}
\ccsdesc[500]{Theory of computation~Programming logic}


%%
%% Keywords. The author(s) should pick words that accurately describe
%% the work being presented. Separate the keywords with commas.
\keywords{Secure multiparty computation, security verification, probabilistic programming, static analysis.}

%\maketitle

\input{lang}

\input{model}

\input{hyper}

\input{types}

%\input{scratch}

%\bibliographystyle{ACM-Reference-Format}
%\bibliography{logic-bibliography,secure-computation-bibliography}

\end{document}
\endinput
